In this video, you're going to learn how
to use LinkedIn ads video retargeting to
scale pipeline in revenue. I'm going to
walk you through some examples of how to
build these segments, video types that
convert best and showcase a video
retargeting play that we use to scale a
million dollars in pipeline for one of
our clients. If you're new to this
channel, I'm Sylvia Perez. I am the
founder of Ad Conversion. We are a
digital advertising academy and agency
with 5,000 plus B2B marketers taking our
courses on LinkedIn and other topics.
And we manage over $3 million a month in
ad spend under management for B2B SAS
brands of which about $1.5 million a
month is actually on LinkedIn ads. So
when it comes to LinkedIn, we know what
we're talking about. So let's start off
by first walking through the segments,
then the video types that convert best,
and then we'll wrap up with the
retargeting play that drove a million
dollars in pipeline. Okay, so I'm here
in LinkedIn ads, and I've got LinkedIn
opened up here on my screen. And what
you want to do is you want to go to plan
audiences and then go to create audience
matched audience and we are going to
select here video as our option. If you
want to know more about LinkedIn and all
these different options available, we
have a ton of content on this channel
around retargeting. So definitely check
that out. Uh but for the sake of this
video, we are focusing in on this
specific segment around video
retargeting. So the cool thing about
LinkedIn is anytime that you promote
video content on LinkedIn, you have the
ability to retarget the viewers of said
content. So for context, like we have
all of these different campaigns that
we've ran in the past and we can
retarget individuals that have watched
certain percentages of our videos. So
LinkedIn at the time of this recording
allows 25, 50, 75, and 97% completion of
your videos. Now, the general rule of
thumb and like the line of thinking here
is the more somebody watches their
video, you can equate that to more brand
affinity and trust and more actual value
being delivered to the receiver because
they actually stuck through and watched
an entire video. Some traps to look out
for though here when you're building out
these retargeting segments is keep in
mind the length of video that you're
trying to build these segments off of.
For context, like if you're promoting a
video that's 15 seconds long and
somebody watches 97% of a 10-second
video, did you really build brand
affinity and trust? Are they actually
ready for the next step in your
strategy? That's something that you want
to take in consideration because I see a
lot of people, they make the the
assumption, hey, they watched 97% of
video, so that means that they're ready
now to hear about a demo or a free trial
offer or something like this. And it may
or may not be true. So what you want to
do in practice is you want to create
different segments based on percentages
of completion. So typically what this
looks like for us and our agency is we
will create a segment for 25%
completions. We'll create a segment of
50% completions, 75 and 97% completions
assuming we have enough video content.
If you just need a good starting point,
I always recommend at least 50%. So
people that watch at least half of your
video and you know assuming your video
is like more than 45 seconds then that's
a good starting point. Ideally if your
videos are like between 1 and 2 minutes
even better if you're creating these 50%
segments because now you really know hey
they actually found value from the
content they stuck around and now I'm
moving them into the next stage of my
strategy. One other thing too to keep in
mind is sometimes you know people are
scrolling through LinkedIn and they'll
stop scrolling and a video is playing
that's getting counted right like that
is the just to be aware of that like
this can happen so some people will be
in this audience pool and they don't
actually they didn't actually watch your
video but they may have like stopped
scrolling that video is playing and
things like that so it's not 100%
foolproof but in practice you're going
to come here and you're going to create
one of these different segments so for
context like what I like to do is I
always like to put remarketing and then
I'll do 25% video views. And then in
this case, I'll put the cohort of time.
So it'll be 90 days in the past. I
always recommend if you're just starting
out, you don't have enough size, start
with 90 days. But in a perfect world,
you want to move towards a cohorted time
approach for your retargeting. And if
you're not familiar what this looks like
in practice, check out our best
practices video on retargeting. But
basically, you have a 30-day cluster, a
90-day cluster, 180 cluster, and then
now you can put these segments grouped
by those se segments of time if you have
that availability cuz then you can
create different content that you show
people based on how recent they actually
interact with your brand. So, people who
visit in a 30-day period, they get
product marketing content, social proof
content. People that visited in a 90-day
period, they get that plus thought
leadership content. And then people who
are, you know, in a 180day period, you
just focus on that thought leadership
content as an example. So let's just go
ahead and choose 90 days here. The next
thing you want to do is you want to make
sure you sort by views. So you can see
from the highest to to least how many
views by campaign that you have video
content that you're using so that you
can retarget those individuals. So, for
context, like we have a retargeting
campaign where we are retargeting people
uh to get them into our community and I
have 4,500 people who've watched 25% of
my video in this specific campaign. You
can see here if I switch it to 50%,
you'll see that the the number
dramatically drops, right? It actually
got cut in half here in terms of the
amount of people that actually watched
our video ads to the to the end. Right?
In this case, it's 50%. If I keep
scrolling through here, 75%, you can see
it drops further. 97% it drops even
lower than that. So this specific
audience here of 97% like the assumption
here is like this specific 1,200 views,
these, 1200 individuals is much more
likely to convert if I ran them
additional ads uh compared to somebody
in this uh you know, let's just say 25%
cluster. You know, this 4,500 people,
maybe they're less likely. Again, this
is all assumption. You need to test. You
need to see. But generally speaking,
this is how to think about it. So, in
practice, what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go and create each one of these
different segments that I want to
retarget. And that's like the base layer
foundation of how this looks in
practice. One really annoying thing
about LinkedIn, just to be mindful of,
is if you're launching new campaigns
with video, you're gonna have to come
back here and uh actually add in those
additional campaigns because LinkedIn
doesn't dynamically do this at the time
of this recording. I wish they did. It's
definitely a great feature request, but
they don't. So, just be mindful anytime
you launch new video ad campaigns, go
back into your video audiences and just
add those different segments in those
campaigns, so that way you can start to
get counted for as well. Okay, so now
that we talked about what this looks
like in practice with the retargeting
segments, let's just kind of dive over
here now to like video types that
convert. So my world is B2B and software
just for the sake of context here. So if
you're watching this and you're in
e-commerce or um you know something
else, just know that I'm speaking from
my experience with B2B SAS and these are
like the four types of videos that
typically perform best in B2B. But I
also think there's a lot of parallels
here in terms of like how these videos
also perform really well for e-commerce,
small business, digital products, etc.
Because regardless of the product, uh
how we're demonstrating information, how
we're communicating that value and
building goodwill and trust with people
is pretty much the same thing, right?
Cuz we're still selling to people. So
anywh who, let's just kind of dive into
this really quick. Uh we've got four
videos here. We've got explainer videos,
use case videos, testimonials or UGC
videos, and then FAQ videos. So
explainer videos are so powerful and not
enough companies do it. This can be as
simple as somebody with uh your just
walking through your product using Loom
or some sort of like simple screen share
recording software and they're just
walking through the product and they're
communicating different uh you know use
cases that you solve and like value in
terms of like how the product works and
just explaining how the product works.
Simply put, that's explainer videos.
They can take 60 seconds to create
depending on the person recording it. It
doesn't need to be fancy, highly
produced. All of these videos can be
done, you know, as cheaply as you need
to. But the idea is you're giving people
a view into what it's like to actually
use your product. And the more you can
give people a window and a door into the
other side, the more likely they are
going to be to convert. And not only
once they convert, if you've already
given them that pre-framing of what it's
like actually being on the other side of
the product, the churn is going to
actually be lower as well because you've
given them that preframe. So now when
they do convert, they have a better
understanding and expectation of what it
is that they signed up for in the first
place. So explainer videos are
incredible. Again, does not need to be
high, you know, high in production. Uh
explainer videos also are more authentic
than animated explainer videos. So
animated explainer videos are like, you
know, ones you think about like very
corporate. Um, it's just like motion
graphics of different sections of your
product. And like there is a time and
place and that can work. But
specifically these videos, I'm talking a
CSM, a product manager, someone the
salesperson just literally explaining
the product, you know, and you can have
this take different shapes and forms.
You can have a CSM do the walkthrough
and kind of explaining and answering the
most common questions that they get in
onboarding. It could be a salesperson
basically rehearsing their their pitch
but doing it now in a recorded video. Uh
it could be a product manager talking
about the things that they're really
excited about and like the really cool
things and features that they've created
in the platform but real simple stuff
and it does extremely well. The second
one is use case videos. Use case videos
are similar to explainer videos. The
difference is explainer videos focus on
your overall product and how it works
and like key value and things to take
away. Use cases are much more specific.
So with use case videos we are really
try like narrowing our scope of focus
into like very very specific outcomes
that we provide. So for context um maybe
your product and service has like a very
specific report that every time someone
sees that report they get excited in the
sales process. were like, "Wow, you can
actually show me that. That's really
cool." So, that's an example. Or maybe
you're like a email marketing software
and one of your use cases that you can
solve for is scheduling campaigns,
right? How you can like have campaigns
start and stop and you can also take
into consideration the time of day. I'm
just spitballing here, but that's like a
really specific use case that your
prospects could potentially find
valuable. So, pro tip here is talk to
your salespeople. uh analyze your sales
call transcripts. You can run them
through chattpt and figure out like what
are the most common jobs to be done,
things, problems that folks are trying
to solve and then you can find all of
those specific use cases and then you
can create again similar to the
explainer videos, none of these videos
have to be overly polished. Uh just
simple example videos walking through,
hey, here's how we solve that specific
use case that you might be dealing with.
So for context, like if I was promoting
the community, our our community, the AC
conversion community, and I wanted to
create use case video content, I could
create different videos covering our
different playbooks that we have in the
community. So for context, like we have
tons of playbooks around different
things, and they're like documented
step-by-step guides with video tutorials
and and uh you know, step-by-step
walkthroughs in terms of like written
examples. And one of them is how to use
LinkedIn thought leader ads. So, I could
create a UK use case video talking about
LinkedIn thought leader ads walking
through our playbook. That's an example
of use case videos. The next one is
testimonials and UGC. I feel like this
one's pretty straightforward, but video
testimonials are incredibly powerful.
Proof is the one thing you can never get
enough of in marketing and using other
people's words and credibility on your
behalf is exceptional. Uh, so this could
be, you know, video testimonials in
terms of like, uh, it could be as
polished as you want it to be in terms
of like high-end production. You're
doing a shoot with your customers to the
very low-end spectrum of just getting on
a Zoom call with your customers,
recording the call and asking them basic
questions and recording their responses.
It really doesn't need to be as crazy
more crazy than that. And then UGC
videos are video testimonials or or
video content that users create on your
behalf. So, you could definitely pay
influencers to create this content for
you. This is big in e-commerce. The same
could be done with B2B and SAS, but even
better if it's like a real user that
just happened to get a lot of value from
your product. They made a post about you
on LinkedIn shouting you guys out. Now,
you can take that post, you can promote
it as a thought leader ad, and now
you've got UGC content in your feed.
Okay. And the next one, which I don't
think enough people talk about, is FAQ
videos. FAQ videos are exceptional for
people that are already in the
evaluation stage, meaning they've
visited your pricing and sales page. Uh
maybe they're already an open
opportunity, maybe they already booked a
demo, but basically FAQ videos are where
you're answering the most frequently
asked questions around your product or
service. So for context, like price and
and you know, why do you charge what you
charge? That could be an FAQ video,
right? The headline could be something
like we're expensive and we're worth it.
I don't know, right? Um or here's, you
know, 17 17 ways for you to justify your
investment with us to your CEO or CFO.
I'm spitballing here, but these are like
FAQ videos that you can create talking
about different answers that come up all
the time in the sales process. Uh same
is true, for example, like I'm talking
very salesled right now, but if you're
productled, the same could be true,
right? different FAQ videos in terms of
like most common support questions you
get that prevent users from realizing
the aha moment and the value that your
platform can provide to get them to
activate into a paid user. So these are
some examples of video types that
convert best. And just to kind of close
out here, I want to walk you through uh
an example that we ran in terms of like
the the strategy to drive a million
dollars in pipeline for one of our
clients using video. So what we found
was uh originally we were running
incentivized ads. This is where you
offer like a $50 or $100 Amazon gift
card uh to somebody in exchange for
taking a demo. We call these awareness
demos cuz they don't typically convert
at the same rate. But TLDDR here was we
were offering these incentives to uh key
accounts in our ICP. And what we found
was despite the targeting being really
good, uh the copy being quite selective,
we were still not getting the lead to
SQL conversion rates that we wanted. We
we typically try to aim for like a 30%
lead to SQL rate with the incentive play
and we just weren't getting it. So what
we decided to do is we decided to use
video as the first touch. So in practice
what this looked like was we had a video
ad and in this case we were doing a lot
of testimonials and UGC type videos and
we were also doing explainer videos. So
basically we had uh these two types of
videos. We'll just merge this together.
Um, and we were running these videos to
people, our ICP, the exact same
audience, so titles, list of accounts on
LinkedIn. And then what we did as a
second touch is once somebody watched at
least for us it was at least 50% of our
videos, then what we did is we
retargeted them using conversation ads.
And using conversation ads, now we made
the the ask uh for a demo. And we also
offered the incentive here. So just
doing this simple one-two process, we
call it the one-two punch. Uh this is
what drove a million dollars in
pipeline, which is bananas. So, this is
where you can use video. You can use it
across your entire paid media program,
across your entire strategy. But this is
like one example of like where we're
using video strategically to warm up an
audience, build brand affinity and
trust, uh, and also have the video be a
mechanism of qualifying intent so that
now we can reach out to them with a
second touch and try to drive
conversion. So for context like with
these videos like if somebody sits
around and watches 50% minimum of a you
know one to two minute testimonial video
the chances of them being in market are
much greater right so the video itself
also acts as this mechanism to go
against a cold audience and try to get
some signals like some hand raisers uh
you know not necessarily in the form of
like a lead submission but like in terms
of their behaviors these signals of
saying hey I'm actually in market or I
might be interested in what you're doing
cuz otherwise why would I watch this
type of content right now? Notice how I
did not talk about like educational
tutorials or uh things like that like
that are more thought leadership
oriented. Those video types are
absolutely powerful and you should
definitely uh there's a time and place
for that in your strategy. Uh
specifically, we love to use um
educational content in the vid the form
of video for like our 90day and 100 a
day 180day remarketing uh groups. But
when we're talking about people that we
want to drive conversion now and like
trying to get somebody to fill out a
form, you know, activate a trial, etc.,
These are the four types of videos that
we find convert best because they
educate consumers on the products, they
educate them on the solution, and
they're much more bottom off of
funnelunnel focused for lack of a better
term in terms of actually driving
action. So, hope this video was helpful.
If you guys want more on LinkedIn and
you want to go deeper and if you're not
familiar with our courses, come check us
out here at
conversion.com. You can take all of our
courses for free. Uh, so you can just
come here to our courses section and you
can see we've got three LinkedIn ads
courses, we've got Google courses,
Reddit courses, a whole bunch. And
again, they're all free. Like our vision
and mission is like we want to create
the go-to place to learn to run ads in
the world. The only thing that we charge
for is our community. So if you found
value from our courses and now you want
to take it to the next level, then
definitely you can join us there. But
you can see here we've got our LinkedIn
ads 101 course. It's all around like
launching your first LinkedIn campaigns,
the 102 course around optimization, and
then the 103 course which is all around
scaling. Now, how do you take it to the
next level? So, I hope you found this
video valuable. If you're not subscribed
to the channel already, if you could do
me a favor and hit that thumbs up
button, subscribe, I'll greatly
appreciate it. And I will see you in the
next one.